{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red27\green27\blue27;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red16\green16\blue16;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c14118\c14118\c14118;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c7843\c7843\c7843;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29200\viewh17840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Hans \'c5gren, \'91Chinese Ideas of Mind\'92, in 
\f1\i The Oxford Companion to the Mind
\f0\i0 , ed. by Richard L. Gregory, with the assistance of O. L. Zangwill (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1987), 856 pp.; pp. 146-147.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Hannah Arendt, 
\f1\i The Life of the Mind
\f0\i0  (One-volume Edition, London: Harcourt Brace Jovanovich, 1978), 283 pp.\
\
Aristotle, 
\f1\i On the Soul, Parva Naturalia, On Breath
\f0\i0 , trans. by W. S. Hett (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1975), 544 pp.\
\
Bernard Baars, 
\f1\i A Cognitive Theory of Consciousness
\f0\i0  (Cambridge, MA: Cambridge University Press, 1988), 300 pp. \
\
Bernard J. Baars, 
\f1\i On Consciousness
\f0\i0  (ebook: Baars, 2011), 448 pp.\
\

\f1\i Cognition, Brain, and Consciousness: Introduction to Cognitive Neuroscience
\f0\i0 , 2
\fs12 \super nd
\fs28 \nosupersub  ed., ed. by Bernard J. Baars and Nicole M. Gage, (New York: Academic Press, 2010), 672 pp.\
\
Michael J. Banissy, Vincent Z. Walsh, and Neil G. Muggleton, \'91Mirror-touch synaesthesia: a case of faulty self-modelling and insula abnormality\'92, 
\f1\i Cognitive Neuroscience
\f0\i0  2 (2011), 114-115.\
\
Gregory Bateson, 
\f1\i Steps to an Ecology of Mind
\f0\i0  (London: University of Chicago Press, 2000), 533 pp.\
\
Maxwell Bennett, Daniel Dennett, Peter Hacker, and John Searle, with an introduction by Daniel Robinson, 
\f1\i Neuroscience and Philosophy: Brain, Mind, and Language
\f0\i0  (New York : Columbia University Press, 2007), 232 pp.\
\
M. R. Bennett and P. M. S. Hacker, 
\f1\i Philosophical Foundations of Neuroscience
\f0\i0  (Oxford: Blackwell, 2003), 480 pp.\
\
Maxwell R. Bennett and Peter M. S. Hacker, 
\f1\i History of Cognitive Neuroscience
\f0\i0  (Oxford: Blackwell, 2013), 312 pp.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2      Sir Colin Blakemore,  
\f1\i The Mind Machine
\f0\i0  (London:  BBC Books, 1988), 277 pp.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Ned Block, \'91consciousness\'92 [absent capitalization in original], in 
\f1\i A Companion to the Philosophy of Mind
\f0\i0 , ed. by Samuel Guttenplan (Oxford: Blackwell, 1995), 660 pp.; pp. 210-218.\
\
Ned Block, David Carmel, Stephen M. Fleming, Robert W. Kentridge, Christof Koch, Victor A. F. Lamme, Hakwan Lau, and David Rosenthal, \'91Consciousness science: real progress and lingering misconceptions\'92, 
\f1\i Trends in Cognitive Sciences
\f0\i0  18 (2014): 556-557.\
\
H. Blumenfeld, \'91Consciousness and epilepsy: why are patients with absence seizures absent?\'92, 
\f1\i Progress in Brain Research
\f0\i0  150 (2005), 271-286.\
\
Hal Blumenfeld, \'91A master switch for consciousness?\'92, 
\f1\i Epilepsy and Behavior
\f0\i0  37 (2014), 234-235.\
\
Nick Bostrom, \'91Are you living in a simulation?\'92, 
\f1\i Philosophical Quarterly
\f0\i0  53 (2003), 243-255.\
\
Bruce Bridgeman, \'91Functions of consciousness\'92, 
\f1\i Cognitive Neuroscience
\f0\i0  2 (2011), 115-116.\
\
James Henry Breasted, 
\f1\i The Edwin Smith Surgical Papyrus: Published in Facsimile and Hieroglyphic Transliteration with Translation and Commentary in Two Volumes
\f0\i0  (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1930), 742 pages/plates.\
\
Gy\'f6rgy Buzs\'e1ki and Walter Freeman, \'91Editorial overview: Brain rhythms and dynamic coordination\'92, 
\f1\i Current Opinion in Neurobiology
\f0\i0  31 (2015), v-ix.\
\
Georges Canguilhelm, 
\f1\i The Normal and the Pathological
\f0\i0 , trans. by Carolyn R. Fawcett in collaboration with Robert S. Cohen (New York: Zone Books, 1991), 327 pp.\
\
Peter Carruthers and Vincent Picciuto, \'91Should damage to the machinery of social perception damage perception?\'92, 
\f1\i Cognitive Neuroscience
\f0\i0  2 (2011), 116-117.\
\
Michael A. Cerullo, \'91The Problem with Phi: A Critique of Integrated Information Theory\'92,
\f1\i  PLOS Computational Biology
\f0\i0  11 (2015), e1004286, 12 pp.\
\
Steward Cockburn and David Ellyard, 
\f1\i Oliphant: The Life and Times of Sir Mark Oliphant
\f0\i0  (Adelaide: Axiom Books, 1981), 369 pp.\
\
M. A. Cohen, P. Cavanagh, M. M. Chun, and K. Nakayama, \'91The attentional requirements of consciousness\'92, 
\f1\i Trends in Cognitive Sciences
\f0\i0  16 (2012), 411-417.\
\
David Chalmers, \'91Facing up to the Problem of Consciousness\'92, 
\f1\i Journal of Consciousness Studies
\f0\i0  2 (1995): 200-219.\
\
David Chalmers, \'91Facing up to the problem of Consciousness\'92, in Chalmers, 
\f1\i The Character of Consciousness
\f0\i0  (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2010), pp. 1-28.\
\
Patricia S. Churchland, 
\f1\i Touching a Nerve: Our Brains, Our Selves
\f0\i0  (New York: Norton, 2013), 305 pp.\
\
Jane Clark, \'91\'93Toward a Scientific Basis for Consciousness\'94 University of Arizona, Tucson, Arizona, April 12
\fs12 \super th
\fs28 \nosupersub -17
\fs12 \super th
\fs28 \nosupersub , 1994\'92, 
\f1\i Journal of Consciousness Studies
\f0\i0  1 (1994), 152-154.\
\
Norman D. Cook, Gil B. Carvalho, and Antonio Damasio, \'91From membrane excitability to metazoan psychology\'92, 
\f1\i Trends in Neurosciences
\f0\i0  37 (2014), 698-705.\
\
Jonathan Crary, 
\f1\i Techniques of the Observer: On Vision and Modernity in the Nineteenth Century
\f0\i0  (London: MIT Press, 1990), 171 pp.\
\
Francis Crick and Christof Koch, \'91Towards a neurobiological theory of consciousness\'92, 
\f1\i Seminars in the Neurosciences
\f0\i0  2 (1990), 263-275.\
\
Francis Crick and Christof Koch, \'91A framework for consciousness\'92, 
\f1\i Nature Neuroscience
\f0\i0  6 (2003), 119-126.\
\
Antanio Damasio and Gil B. Carvalho, \'91The nature of feelings: evolutionary and neurobiological origins\'92, 
\f1\i Nature Reviews Neuroscience
\f0\i0  14 (2013) 143-152.\
\
A. Rosalie David, \'91Mummification\'92, in 
\f1\i Ancient Egyptian Materials and Technology
\f0\i0 , ed. by Paul T. Nicholson and Ian Shaw (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2000), 724 pp.; 372-389. \
\
Stanislas Dehaene, 
\f1\i Consciousness and the Brain: Deciphering How the Brain Codes Our Thoughts
\f0\i0  (New York: Viking, 2014), 353 pp.\
\
S. Dehaene and J.-P. Changeux, \'91Experimental and theoretical approaches to conscious proscessing\'92, 
\f1\i Neuron
\f0\i0  70 (2011), 200-227.\
\
Daniel Dennett, 
\f1\i From Bacteria to Bach and Back: The Evolution of Minds
\f0\i0  (London: Norton, 2017), 496 pp.\
\
Ren\'e9 Descartes, 
\f1\i M\'e9ditations M\'e9taphysiques
\f0\i0 , trans. par M. le duc de Luynes, 1647 (Paris: Renouard, 1825), i-vi, 212 pp. \
\
Susan Dominus, \'91Inseparable\'92, 
\f1\i The New York Times Magazine
\f0\i0 , 29 May 2011, MM28.\
\
John Farley, 
\f1\i The Spontaneous Generation Controversy from Descartes to Oparin
\f0\i0  (Baltimore, MD: Johns Hopkins University Press, 1977), 240 pp.\
\
Sina Fazelpour and Evan Thompson, \'91The Kantian brain: brain dynamics from a neurophenomenological perspective\'92, 
\f1\i Current Opinion in Neurobiology
\f0\i0  31 (2015), 223-229.\
\
R. Douglas Fields, 
\f1\i The Other Brain: From Dementia to Schizophrenia, How New Discoveries about the Brain Are Revolutionizing Medicine and Science
\f0\i0  (London: Simon and Schuster, 2009), 371 pp.\
\
Hannah L. Filmer, Paul E. Dux, and Jason B. Mattingley, \'91Applications of transcranial direct current stimulation for understanding brain function\'92, 
\f1\i Trends in Neurosciences
\f0\i0  37 (2014), 742-753.\
\
Karl Friston and Christopher Frith, \'91A Duet for one\'92, [variable capitalization in original] 
\f1\i Consciousness and Cognition
\f0\i0  36 (2015), 390-405.\
\
Chris D. Frith, \'91Consciousness is for sharing\'92, 
\f1\i Cognitive Neuroscience
\f0\i0  2 (2011), 117-118.\
\
Shaun Gallagher and Dan Zahavi, 
\f1\i The Phenomenological Mind
\f0\i0 , 2
\fs12 \super nd
\fs28 \nosupersub  ed. (London: Routledge, 2012), 271 pp.\
\
Joseph T. Giacino, Joseph J. Fins, Steven Laureys and Nicholas Schiff, \'91Disorders of consciousness after acquired brain injury: the state of the science\'92, 
\f1\i Nature Reviews Neurology
\f0\i0  10 (2014), 99-114.\
\
Peter Godfrey-Smith, 
\f1\i Other Minds: the Octopus, the Sea, and the Deep Origins of Consciousness
\f0\i0  (New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 2016), 272 pp.\
\
Kurt Goldstein, 
\f1\i The Organism
\f0\i0  (New York: Zone Books, 2000), 422 pp.\
\
Michael S. A. Graziano, 
\f1\i Consciousness and the Social Brain
\f0\i0  (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2013), 280 pp.\
\
Michael S. A. Graziano and Sabine Kastner, \'91Human consciousness and its relationship to social neuroscience: a novel hypothesis\'92, 
\f1\i Cognitive Neuroscience
\f0\i0  2 (2011), 98-113.\
\
Michael S. A. Graziano and Sabine Kastner, \'91Reply to Commentaries: Awareness as a perceptual model of attention\'92, 
\f1\i Cognitive Neuroscience
\f0\i0  2 (2011), 125-133.\
\
Susan Greenfield, 
\f1\i A Day in the Life of the Brain: The Neuroscience of Consciousness from Dawn Till Dusk
\f0\i0  (London: Allen Lane, 2016), 274 pp.\
\

\f1\i The Oxford Companion to the Mind
\f0\i0 , ed. by Richard L. Gregory, with the assistance of O. L. Zangwill (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1987), 856 pp.\
\

\f1\i A Companion to the Philosophy of Mind
\f0\i0 , ed. by Samuel Guttenplan (Oxford: Blackwell, 1995), 642 pp.\
\
Stuart R. Hameroff, \'91Quantum coherence in microtubules: a neural basis for emergent consciousness?\'92 
\f1\i Journal of Consciousness Studies
\f0\i0  1 (1994), 91-118.\
\
Robert Hanna, \'91Kant\'92s theory of judgment\'92 in 
\f1\i The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
\f0\i0  (Winter 2016 edition), ed. by Edward. N. Zalta, 2004, revised 2013, retrieved 9 May 2017 from <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://plato.stanford.edu/archives/win2016/entries/kant-judgment/"}}{\fldrslt http://plato.stanford.edu/archives/win2016/entries/kant-judgment/}}>\
\
Clyde L. Hardin, \'91Physiology, Phenomenology, and Spinoza\'92s True Colors\'92 in 
\f1\i Emergence or Reduction?: Essays on the Prospects of Nonreductive Physicalism
\f0\i0 , ed. by Ansgar Beckermann, Hans Flohr, and Jaegwon Kim (Berlin: de Gruyter, 1992), 315 pp.; 201-214.\
\
Willis Harman, \'91The scientific exploration of consciousness:  towards an adequate epistemology\'92, 
\f1\i Journal of Consciousness Studies
\f0\i0  1 (1994), 140-148.\
\
Eric Harth, 
\f1\i The Creative Loop:  How the Brain Makes a Mind
\f0\i0  (Wokingham: Addison-Wesley, 1995), 197 pp.\
\
Erich Harth, 
\f1\i Windows on the Mind
\f0\i0  (New York: Morrow, 1981), 285 pp.\
\
John Heil, 
\f1\i From an Ontological Point of View
\f0\i0  (Oxford: Clarendon, 2003), 267 pp.\
\
Hippocrates (II, of Cos), 
\f1\i On the Sacred Disease
\f0\i0 \cf3 \cb4 , in 
\f1\i Complete Works of Hippocrates,
\f0\i0  trans. by Charles Darwin Adams and W. H. S. Jones,  (ebook, London: Delphi Classics, 2015), 30484 loc.\cf2 \
\
J. Allan Hobson, 
\f1\i The Dream Drugstore: Chemically Altered States of Consciousness
\f0\i0  (Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 2001), 333 pp.\
\
Erik P. Hoel, \'91Agent above, atom below: how agents causally emerge from their underlying microphysics\'92, 2017, retrieved 7 March 2017 from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://fqxi.org/data/essay-contest-files/Hoel_FQXi_EPH_wandering_goa.pdf"}}{\fldrslt http://fqxi.org/data/essay-contest-files/Hoel_FQXi_EPH_wandering_goa.pdf}}.\
\
Jim Hopkins, \'91The Unconscious\'92, in 
\f1\i A Companion to the Philosophy of Mind
\f0\i0 , ed. by Samuel Guttenplan (Oxford: Blackwell, 1995), pp. 598-607; p. 599.\
\
David H. Hubel and Torsten N. Wiesel, \'91Receptive fields of single neurones in the cat\'92s striate cortex\'92, 
\f1\i Journal of Physiology
\f0\i0  148 (1959), 574-591.\
\
David H. Hubel and Torsten N. Wiesel, \'91Receptive fields and functional architecture of monkey striate cortex\'92, 
\f1\i Journal of Physiology
\f0\i0 , 195 (1968), 215\'96243.\
\
David Hume, 
\f1\i A Treatise of Human Nature
\f0\i0 , ed. by L. A. Selby-Gigge, 2
\fs12 \super nd
\fs28 \nosupersub  ed. with text revised and variant readings by P. H. Nidditch (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1978), 743 pp.\
\
Thomas H. Huxley, 
\f1\i Lessons in Elementary Physiology
\f0\i0 , 
\f1\i Vol. 8
\f0\i0  (London: Macmillan, 1866), 319 pp.; p. 193.\
\
Thomas H. Huxley, 
\f1\i Lessons in Elementary Physiology
\f0\i0 , ed. for the use of American schools and colleges by Frederic S. Lee (London: Macmillan, 1914), 577 pp.; p. 370.\
\
Marco Iacoboni, \'91Hybrid social cognitive models, meta-consciousness, and representations\'92, 
\f1\i Cognitive Neuroscience
\f0\i0  2 (2011), 118-119.\
\
William James, 
\f1\i The Principles of Psychology, Vol. I and II, Complete and Unabridged with Illustrations
\f0\i0  (ebook: Pantianos Classics, First pub. 1890, revised text, 1918), 23932 loc.\
\
Alvin M. Josephy, Jr.  
\f1\i 500 Nations: An Illustrated History of North American Indians
\f0\i0  (New York:  Knopf, 1994), 468 pp.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf2 Principles of Neural Science
\f0\i0 , 5
\fs12 \super th
\fs28 \nosupersub  ed., ed. by Eric Kandel, James Schwartz, Thomas Jessell, Seteven Siegelbaum, and A. J. Hudspeth (New York: McGraw-Hill Education, 2012), 1760 pp.\
\
Rogier A. Kievit and Hilde M. Geurts, \'91Autism and perception of awareness in self and others: Two sides of the same coin or dissociated abilities?\'92 
\f1\i Cognitive Neuroscience
\f0\i0  2 (2011), 119-120.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf5      Robert Kirk, \'91Zombies\'92,\'a0
\f1\i The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy\'a0
\f0\i0 (Summer 2015 Edition), Edward N. Zalta\'a0(ed.), retrieved 7 March 2017 from <https://plato.stanford.edu/archives/sum2015/entries/zombies/>.\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Christof Koch, \'91Not all information is created equal\'92, 
\f1\i Cognitive Neuroscience
\f0\i0  2 (2011), 120-121.\
\
Mohamad Z. Koubessi, Fabrice Bartolomei, Abdelrahman Beltagy, and Fabienne Picard, \'91Electrical stimulation of a small brain area reversibly disrupts consciousness\'92, 
\f1\i Epilepsy and Behavior
\f0\i0  37 (2014), 32-35.\
\
Daffie Konis, Uriel Haran, Kelly Saporta and Shahar Ayal, \'91A sorrow shared is a sorrow halved: moral judgments of harm to single versus multiple victims\'92, 
\f1\i Frontiers in Psychology
\f0\i0  7 (2016), 1142 (1-8).\
\
Thomas S. Kuhn, 
\f1\i The Structure of Scientific Revolutions
\f0\i0 , 2e (London: University of Chicago Press, 1970), 210 pp.\
\
Ray Kurzweil, 
\f1\i How to Create a Mind: The Secret of Human Thought Revealed
\f0\i0  (London: Duckworth Overlook, 2014), 336 pp.\
\
Simon Lammy, \'91Elucidating the fragmentation of consciousness underpins future neurosurgical research\'92, 
\f1\i British Journal of Neurosurgery
\f0\i0  27 (2013), 709.\
\
S. Laureys and Nicholas D. Schiff, \'91Coma and consciousness: paradigms (re)framed by neuroimaging\'92, 
\f1\i Neuroimage
\f0\i0  61 (2012), 478-491.\
\
Jose Leon-Carrion, Umberto Leon-Dominguez, Luca Pollonini, Meng-Hung Wu, Richard E. Frye, Maria Rosario Dominguez-Morales, and George Zouridakis, \'91Synchronization between the anterior and posterior cortex determines consciousness level in patients with traumatic brain injury\'92, 
\f1\i Brain Research
\f0\i0  1476 (2012), 22-30.\
\
David A. Leopold, \'91What is it like to be human?\'92 
\f1\i Cognitive Neuroscience
\f0\i0  2 (2011), 121-122.\
\
Joseph Levine, \'91Materialism and qualia: the explanatory gap\'92, 
\f1\i Pacific Philosophical Quarterly
\f0\i0  64 (1983),354-361.\
\
Benjamin Libet, \'91A testable field theory of mind-brain interaction\'92, 
\f1\i Journal of Consciousness Studies
\f0\i0  1 (1994), 119-126.\
\
Benjamin Libet, \'91Solutions to the hard problem of consciousness\'92, 
\f1\i Journal of Consciousness Studies
\f0\i0  3 (1996), 33-35.\
\
John Locke, 
\f1\i An Essay Concerning Human Understanding
\f0\i0  (London: Holt, 1690), 666 pp.\
\
David Lodge, 
\f1\i Consciousness and the Novel: Connected Essays
\f0\i0  (London: Secker and Warburg, 2002), 320 pp.\
\
Paul Lodge, \'91Leibniz\'92s Mill Argument Against Mechanical Materialism Revisited\'92, 
\f1\i Ergo
\f0\i0  1 (2014), 79-99.\
\
E. J. Lowe, \'91There Are No Easy Problems of Consciousness\'92, 
\f1\i Journal of Consciousness Studies
\f0\i0  2 (1995): 266-271.\
\
Colin McGinn, \'91Can we solve the mind-body problem?\'92 
\f1\i Mind
\f0\i0  98 (1989), 349-366.\
\
C. B. Martin, 
\f1\i The Mind in Nature
\f0\i0  (Oxford: Clarendon, 2007), 224 pp.\
\
James Clerk Maxwell, \'91A dynamical theory of the electromagnetic field\'92, 
\f1\i Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of London
\f0\i0  155 (1865), 459-512.\
\
Thomas Nagel, \'91What is it like to be a bat?\'92, 
\f1\i The Philosophical Review 
\f0\i0  LXXXIII, 4 (1974): 435-450.\
\
Lex Newman, \'91Descartes\'92 Epistemology\'92, 
\f1\i The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
\f0\i0  (Winter 2016 Edition), ed. by Edward N. Zalta, retrieved 9 May 2017 from <https://plato.stanford.edu/archives/win2016/entries/descartes-epistemology/>\
\
Isaac Newton, 
\f1\i Philosophi\'e6 Naturalis Principia Mathematica
\f0\i0  (London:  Reg. Soc. Pr\'e6ses, 1686), 316 pp.\
\
Georg Northoff, \'91What is Consciousness? A Tridimensional View and Neural Predispositions of Consciousness (NPC)\'92, 
\f1\i Neuropsychoanalysis
\f0\i0  15 (2013), 59-62.\
\
Masafumi Oizumi, Larissa Albantakis, and Giulio Tononi, \'91From the Phenomenology to the Mechanisms of Consciousness: Integrated Information Theory 3.0\'92, 
\f1\i PLOS Computational Biology
\f0\i0  10 (2014), e1003588: 1-25.\
\
Timothy O\'92Connor, \'91Free Will\'92, 
\f1\i The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
\f0\i0  (Summer 2016 Edition)\'92, ed. by Edward N. Zalta, URL retrieved 9 May 2017 from <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://plato.stanford.edu/archives/sum2016/entries/freewill/"}}{\fldrslt https://plato.stanford.edu/archives/sum2016/entries/freewill/}}> 31 pp.\
\
Jaak Panksepp, \'91The cradle of consciousness: a periconscious emotional homunculus?: commentary by Jaak Panksepp, 
\f1\i Neuropsychoanalysis
\f0\i0  2 (2000), 24-32.\
\
J. Panksepp, \'91Affective consciousness in animals: perspectives on dimentional and primary process emotion approaches\'92, 
\f1\i Proceedings of the Royal Society
\f0\i0  277 (2010), 2905-2907.\
\
Jaak Panksepp, \'91The cross-mammalian neurophenomenology of primal emotional affects: from animal feelings to human therapeutics\'92, 
\f1\i The Journal of Comparative Neurology
\f0\i0 , 524 (2016), 1624-1635.\
\
C. L. Philippi, J. S. Feinstein, S. S. Khalsa, A. Damasio, D. Tranel, G. Landini, K. Williford, and D. Rudrauf, \'91Preserved self-awareness following extensive bilateral brain damage to the insula, anterior cingulate, and medial prefrontal cortices\'92, 
\f1\i PLOS ONE
\f0\i0  7 (2012), e38413.\
\
U. T. Place, \'91Is consciousness a brain process?\'92, 
\f1\i British Journal of Psychology
\f0\i0  47 (1956), 44-50.\
\
Plato, 
\f1\i Euthyphro, Apology, Crito, Phaedo, Phaedrus
\f0\i0  in 
\f1\i Plato in Twelve Volumes, I
\f0\i0 , with an English trans. by Harold North Fowler (London: Heinemann, 1982), 584 pp.\
\
Karl R. Popper, 
\f1\i The Logic of Scientific Discovery
\f0\i0 , (London: Routledge, 1959), 513 pp.\
\
Karl R. Popper and John C. Eccles, 
\f1\i The Self and Its Brain: An Argument for Interactionism
\f0\i0  (Berlin: Springer-Verlag, 1977), 616 pp.\
\
Karl R. Popper, B. I. B. Lindahl, and P. \'c5rhem, \'91A discussion of the mind-brain problem\'92, 
\f1\i Theoretical Medicine
\f0\i0  14 (1993), 167-180.\
\
Jerome B. Posner, Clifford B. Saper, Nicholas D. Schiff, and Fred Plum, 
\f1\i Plum and Posner\'92s Diagnosis of Stupor and Coma
\f0\i0 , 4
\fs12 \super th
\fs28 \nosupersub  ed. (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2007), 401 pp.\
\
Gavin Rae, \'91Hegel, Alienation, and the Phenomenological Development of Consciousness, 
\f1\i International Journal of Philosophical Studies
\f0\i0  20 (2012), 23-42.\
\
V. S. Ramachandran, 
\f1\i Phantoms in the Brain
\f0\i0  (New York: HarperCollins, 1998), 328 pp.\
\
V. S. Ramachandran, 
\f1\i A Brief Tour of Human Consciousness: From Impostor Poodles to Purple Numbers
\f0\i0  (New York: Pi Press, 2003), 192 pp.\
\
V. S. Ramachandran, 
\f1\i The Tell-Tale Brain
\f0\i0 : 
\f1\i A Neuroscientist\'92s Quest for What Makes Us Human
\f0\i0  (London: Norton, 2011), 357 pp.\
\
Mattheiu Richard and Trinh Xuan Thuan, 
\f1\i The Quantum and the Lotous
\f0\i0 , trans. by Ian Monk (New York: Three Rivers Press, 2001), 312 pp.\
\
Daniel N. Robinson, 
\f1\i Consciousness and Mental Life
\f0\i0  (New York: Columbia University Press, 2007), 264 pp.\
\
William S. Robinson, \'91The hardness of the hard problem\'92, 
\f1\i Journal of Consciousness Studies
\f0\i0  3 (1996), 14-25.\
\
Paul Russell, \'91Hume on Free Will", 
\f1\i The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
\f0\i0  (Winter 2016 Edition)\'92, ed. by Edward N. Zalta, URL retrieved 9 May 2017 from <https://plato.stanford.edu/archives/win2016/entries/hume-freewill/>\
\
Oliver Sacks, 
\f1\i An Anthropologist on Mars:  Seven Paradoxical Tales
\f0\i0  (New York: Knopf, 1995), 340 pp.\
\
Oliver Sacks, 
\f1\i Awakenings
\f0\i0  (New York: Dutton, revised ed. 1983), 338 pp.\
\
Oliver Sacks, 
\f1\i Hallucinations
\f0\i0  (Toronto: Knopf, 2012), 326 pp.\
\
Oliver Sacks, 
\f1\i The Island of the Colorblind
\f0\i0  (Toronto: Knopf, 1997), 298 pp.\
\

\f1\i Neurology and Modernity: A Cultural History of Nervous Systems, 1800-1950
\f0\i0 , ed. by Laura Salisbury and Andrew Shail (Palgrave Macmillan: Hampshire, 2010), 298 pp.\
\
Nicholas D. Schiff, \'91Central thalamic contributions to arousal regulation and neurological disorders of consciousness\'92, 
\f1\i Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences
\f0\i0  1129 (2008), 105-118.\
\
Nicholas D. Schiff and Joseph J. Fins, \'91Brain death and disorders of consciousness\'92, 
\f1\i Current Biology
\f0\i0  26 (2016), R543-R576.\
\
Carl Schoonover, 
\f1\i Portraits of the Mind: Visualizing the Brain from Antiquity to the 21
\fs12 \super st
\fs28 \nosupersub  Century
\f0\i0  (New York: Abrams, 2010), 240 pp.\
\
John R. Searle, \'91Minds, brains, and programs\'92, 
\f1\i Behavioral and Brain Sciences
\f0\i0  3 (1980), 417-457.\
\

\f1\i Explaining Consciousness \'97The \'91Hard Problem\'92
\f0\i0 , ed. by Jonathan Shear (London: MIT Press, 1997), 422 pp.\
\
Jonathan Smallwood, \'91Stimulus independence, social cognition and consciousness\'92, 
\f1\i Cognitive Neuroscience
\f0\i0  2 (2011), 122-123.\
\
David Livingstone Smith, \'91Freudian Science of Consciousness: Then and Now: Commentary by David Livingstone Smith, 
\f1\i Neuropsychoanalysis
\f0\i0  2 (2000), 38-45.\
\
David Livingstone Smith, \'91\'93Some Unimaginable Substratum\'94: A Contemporary Introduction to Freud\'92s Philosophy of Mind\'92, in 
\f1\i Psychoanalytic Knowledge
\f0\i0 , ed. by Man Cheung Chung and Colin Fletham (London: Palgrave Macmillan, 2003), 54-75.\
\
David Livingstone Smith, \'91In praise of self-deception\'92, 
\f1\i Entelechy
\f0\i0  7 (2006), 5-13.\
\
C. P. Snow, \'91The Two Cultures\'92, reprinted from \'91The Rede Lecture, 1959\'92 in C. P. Snow, 
\f1\i The Two Cultures: And a Second Look
\f0\i0  (Cambridge:  Cambridge University Press, 1959, 1964), pp. 1-21, in 
\f1\i Leonardo
\f0\i0  23 (1990), 169-173.\
\
R. W. Sperry, \'91The problem of central nervous reorganization after nerve regeneration and muscle transposition\'92, 
\f1\i Quarterly Review of Biology
\f0\i0  20 (1945), 311-369.\
\
R. W. Sperry, R. E. Myers, and A. M. Schrier, \'91Perceptual capacity of the isolated visual cortex in the cat\'92, 
\f1\i Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology
\f0\i0  12 (1960), 65-71.\
\
Roger Wolcott Sperry, \'91Cerebral organization and behavior: the split brain behaves in many resects like two separate brains, providing new research possibilities\'92, 
\f1\i Science
\f0\i0  133 (1961), 1749-1757.\
\
Benedict Spinoza, 
\f1\i Ethics
\f0\i0 , trans. by Samuel Shirley, ed. by Michael L. Morgan (Cambridge: Hackett, 2002), 967 pp.\
\
Tom Stoppard, 
\f1\i The Hard Problem
\f0\i0  (London:  Faber & Faber, 2015), 96 pp.\
\
Raymond Tallis, 
\f1\i Aping Mankind: Neuromania, Darwinitis and the Misrepresentation of Humanity
\f0\i0  (Durham: Acumen, 2011), 388 pp.\
\
Stefan Theil, \'91Why the Human Brain Project Went Wrong\'97and How to Fix It\'92, 
\f1\i Scientific American
\f0\i0  313 (2015).\
\
William Thomson, \'91On the Age of the Sun\'92s Heat\'92, 
\f1\i Macmillan\'92s Magazine
\f0\i0  5 (1862), 388-393.\
\
Giulio Tononi, \'91Consciousness as integrated information: A provisional manifesto\'92, 
\f1\i The Biological Bulletin
\f0\i0  215 (2008), 216-242.\
\
Giulio Tononi and Christof Koch, \'91Consciousness: Here, There, but Not Everywhere\'92, (2014) 
\f1\i arXiv
\f0\i0 :1405.7089, 15 pp.\
\
\'91Toward a Scientific Basis for Consciousness: Program and Abstracts\'92, Conference publication, 12-17 April 1994, Tucson, AZ, retrieved 9 May 2017 from <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.quantumconsciousness.org/sites/default/files/1994%2520Toward%2520a%2520Scientific%2520Basis%2520for%2520Consciousness%2520Program%2520and%2520Abstracts%25202_0.pdf"}}{\fldrslt http://www.quantumconsciousness.org/sites/default/files/1994%20Toward%20a%20Scientific%20Basis%20for%20Consciousness%20Program%20and%20Abstracts%202_0.pdf}}>; 168 pp.\
\
William Uzgalis, \'91John Locke\'92, 
\f1\i The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
\f0\i0  (Summer 2017 Edition), ed. by Edward N. Zalta, retrieved 9 May 2017 from <https://plato.stanford.edu/archives/sum2017/entries/locke/>\
\
Jeroen J. A. van Boxtel, Naotsugu Tsuchiya and Christof Kock, \'91Opposing effects of attention and consciousness on afterimages\'92, 
\f1\i Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 
\f0\i0 107 (2010), 8883-8888.\
\
Jeroen J. A. van Boxtel and Naotsugu Tsuchiya, \'91Introduction to research topic: attention and consciousness in different senses\'92, 
\f1\i Frontiers in Psychology
\f0\i0  1 (2010), 217-220.\
\
Michiel van Elk and Olaf Blanke, \'91Bodily self-consciousness, and the primacy of self related signals such as the 1
\fs12 \super st
\fs28 \nosupersub  person perspective and self-location\'92, 
\f1\i Cognitive Neuroscience
\f0\i0  2 (2011), 123-124.\
\
Robert van Gulick, \'91Consciousness\'92, 
\f1\i The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
\f0\i0  (Summer 2017 Edition), ed. by Edward N. Zalta, retrieved 9 May 2017 from <https://plato.stanford.edu/archives/sum2017/entries/consciousness/>\
\
Jakob von Uexk\'fcll
\f1\i , A Foray into the Worlds of Animals and Humans,
\f0\i0  with 
\f1\i A Theory of Meaning
\f0\i0 , trans. by Joseph D. O\'92Neil (London: University of Minnesota Press, 2010), 272 pp.\
\
Alexandra Vlassova, Chris Donkin, and Joel Pearson, \'91Unconscious information changes decision accuracy but not confidence\'92, 
\f1\i PNAS
\f0\i0  111 (2014), 16214-16218.\
\
J. D. Watson and F. H. C. Crick, \'91A structure for deoxyribose nucleic acid\'92, 
\f1\i Nature
\f0\i0  171 (1953), 737-738.\
\
Josh Weisberg, \'91The Hard Problem of Consciousness\'92,
\f1\i  Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy: A Peer-Reviewed Academic Resource
\f0\i0  (retrieved 2017-03-25 from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.iep.utm.edu/hard-con%23H4"}}{\fldrslt www.iep.utm.edu/hard-con#H4}}).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Peter Wilson, \'91The organization of the visual hyperstriatum in the domestic chick. II. Receptive field properties of single units\'92, 
\f1\i Brain Researc
\f0\i0 h 188 (1980), 333-345.\
}