{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 A few observations based on a preliminary review:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Connection to course concepts
\f0\b0 : Connections to several required course concepts could be more explicitly made (similar to your "Comments on Provenance and Reproducibility"). Specifically:\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa300\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Ethical, legal, policy constraints (M2): While the data is public and you already describe handling rate limits, the notice on copyright needed to be discovered in the README. Consider briefly summarizing any terms of use or related constraints and how you handled.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Data models and abstractions (M3-5): While a schema is described in Table 1, consider making an explicit connection to models discussed in class.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Metadata and data documentation (M8): See below.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Dissemination and communication (M15): While the PDF and repo serve to communicate your findings, consider making an explicit connection in your report to concepts discussed in class.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Metadata and Documentation
\f0\b0 : Per the rubric, we do expect minimal descriptive metadata using a relevant standard (e.g., DataCite,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://schema.org/"}}{\fldrslt \ul schema.org}}) and a data dictionary or other data documentation. Consider adding simple descriptive metadata to your repo. Table 1 could fulfill the data documentation requirement, although the columns do not appear to match pubmed_consciousness.csv.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Reproducibility/Transparency
\f0\b0 : While some steps are described in your report, consider providing simple step-by-step instructions to reproduce the reported results and figures (or a log demonstrating what you ran). I did not try to re-run the R code, but ran into issues with the Python scripts.\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa300\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 01_export_pubmed_csv.py: IN_PATH does not match path to data in submodule.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 03_train_baseline_and_ezr.py: Contains several errors in the calls to TfidfVectorizer and boolean_text_features.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa300\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 With modifications, the results from 03_train_baseline_and_ezr.py did not appear to match those in Figure 1. I didn't see the data behind the figures or plotting scripts. It also isn't clear whether the outputs from this script were used to construct Table 2. Consider adding the relevant scripts or the output of the processes used to generate the data in the tables/figures for comparison.\cb1 \
}